# #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify - 2026-04-01

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify (ID: 1478998191990112327)
> Exported: 2026-04-02T06:29:23.689942Z

---

### 12:05 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Hi <@1059677402315370658> , I included the First-Time Contributor Automation Bot and also attached the actual GitHub Actions code for it. The idea is simple whenever someone opens their first issue or PR, it automatically drops a comment with the QuickStart guide, build instructions, and the Discord link. No one has to manually answer the same setup questions again. Does this sound useful to you?

---

### 12:15 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

yeah...most of the org have the same, we should also implement it... I can make a PR for this.

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:15 - @jackeroning

Maybe lets start an issue first, and check with Matt

---

### 12:15 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Please ask mentors before doing the same

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:15 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Sure

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:15 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

Sure

---

### 12:15 - @jackeroning

There might be a reason we havent done this

---

### 12:15 - @jackeroning

One of you can create not both

---

### 12:16 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

I will take this

---

### 12:16 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Ok. I will create it

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:16 - @jackeroning

Why dont we let <@1246730662665388086> do it since he raised it first. Sounds good <@1418286060625989724> ?

---

### 12:17 - @jackeroning

You can chime in after. If you have any ideas

---

### 12:19 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Same idea i already attached in my proposal so...

---

### 12:19 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

Ok Thanks <@1059677402315370658> <@1246730662665388086>  can take this

---

### 12:20 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Thanks <@1418286060625989724>  will start in some time

---

### 12:20 - @jackeroning

No worries. This will not have any bearing on the final decision

---

