# #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify - 2026-03-19

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify (ID: 1478998191990112327)
> Exported: 2026-03-19T06:23:49.108658Z

---

### 03:18 - @jackeroning

<@1246730662665388086> I see you have been assigned reviewers for your respective PRs, but just a general tip is to try to follow existing coding styles wherever possible and try to make your changes backward-compatible. I.e. do not break existing behavior unless its buggy.

---

### 04:46 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

Hello <@1059677402315370658> I  should have asked this to you before sorry for this my bad.  Since Bazel is the future direction of the project, would you be open to me including 'Optimizing the Bazel Docker Pipeline' in my GSoC proposal? My goal would be to bring the Bazel Docker images up to parity with your existing production standards, ensuring we have a slim, production-ready runner image for Bazel builds as well.

Let me know if this is the correct approach and I am thinking the right way

Thank you!
Best,
Alok Kumar Dalei

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:53 - @jackeroning

<@1418286060625989724> You may include it, but it's not exactly the priority right now. Change is pretty trivial.

---

### 04:57 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Thanks ☺️

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:57 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Okok i will follow it .Thanks for the feedback 👍

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:58 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

Thanks <@1059677402315370658> for the clarification , I got it  now.

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:59 - @jackeroning

No problem guys. Do send your proposals to Vitor and I if you want some feedback.

---

### 06:11 - @Suhrid

<@1059677402315370658>  I have shared my GSoC proposal from this email address: suhridmarwah07@gmail.com. I would be grateful if you could kindly review it when you have  time.
Thanks!

Looking forward to your feedback,
Suhrid Marwah

---

### 06:11 - @jackeroning

Received, thanks!

👍 **Reactions:**
- ❤️ (1)

---

