# #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify - 2026-03-08

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify (ID: 1478998191990112327)
> Exported: 2026-03-11T05:02:32.487075Z

---

### 03:37 - @jackeroning

Can you please describe the error?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 03:38 - @jackeroning

And also - do mark your PR with a prefix (WIP) and mark it as draft. Thanks!

---

### 03:40 - @jackeroning

Also docs will be nice to add in the PR, try to follow existing styles

---

### 03:40 - @jackeroning

I.e make sure it appears in readthedocs

---

### 04:18 - @Hemant Kumar

Can you tell me if there are any issues with this PR as well?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:24 - @Hemant Kumar

during building the artificat i am getting  some what like this :     /home/runner/work/OpenROAD/OpenROAD/third-party/abc/src/base/abci/abcOrchestration.c:48:8: warning: type ‘struct Abc_ManRes_t_’ violates the C++ One Definition Rule [-Wodr]
   48 | struct Abc_ManRes_t_
      |        ^
/home/runner/work/OpenROAD/OpenROAD/third-party/abc/src/base/abci/abcResub.c:36:8: note: a different type is defined in another translation unit
   36 | struct Abc_ManRes_t_
      |        ^
/home/runner/work/OpenROAD/OpenROAD/third-party/abc/src/base/abci/abcOrchestration.c:54:24: note: the first difference of corresponding definitions is field ‘pRoot’
   54 |     Abc_Obj_t *        pRoot;      // the root of the cone . although these are not stoping the build .

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:41 - @jackeroning

Vitor (@vvbandeira) has more context on the workflows, so he can advice on the issues better. He will be back from vacation soon.

---

### 04:43 - @jackeroning

Also - can you post your repro instructions? What is your environment and what are your commit hashes>

Follow the bug template in The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: Standalone OpenROAD Bug report

---

### 04:43 - @Hemant Kumar

Ok, also I have added the prefix WIP to the PR and converted it into a draft.

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:44 - @Hemant Kumar

Are these log messages normal during the compilation of the project?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:44 - @jackeroning

If it is not an fatal error it is fine

---

### 04:51 - @Pavan kumar

Yes they all are just warning.. eventually if every library are present on your pc build will get completed.

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 04:53 - @Hemant Kumar

should i convert this pr as a draft as well ?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 04:55 - @jackeroning

Yes please.

---

### 04:59 - @Hemant Kumar

Done

---

### 19:29 - @Hemant Kumar

I have a suggestion instead of creating a separate workflow to push the Docker image using GitHub Actions, wouldn’t it be better to push it through Jenkins? The Jenkins pipeline already builds nightly builds, so we could push the Docker image along with those nightly builds.
For the stable release, since an image would be created with every merge, we could either add a Jenkins pipeline or use the current workflow that I created. Also, do we need nightly, stable, and release builds for Docker as well?

---

### 19:35 - @Pavan kumar

I think following the github Actions would be better option as no extra setup is required and even the releases happens on github... so following github Actions make sense.  As of Jenkins it will require additional server and coding, configurations etc along with following of best practices in Jenkins like master and slave .. it will increase more steps and optimization.

---

### 19:56 - @Hemant Kumar

currently nightly docker build for testing is done on jenkins but that doesn't push to hub.

---

### 20:00 - @Hemant Kumar

for stable i am also in favor of using actions

👍 **Reactions:**
- 🙌 (1)

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 22:20 - @jackeroning

All of these should be possible within Jenkins as well. We should aim for the least friction when implementing the release plan.

---

