# #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify - 2026-03-12

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-onboarding-simplify (ID: 1478998191990112327)
> Exported: 2026-03-13T06:19:30.821969Z

---

### 06:47 - @Alok

Hello <@1059677402315370658> I am Alok Kumar Dalei, talked with you recently, right now I am thinking I should proceed in writing a draft proposal for this , before that I need some time to gain some understanding about the project idea and if anything related to this project idea , I need to know to start with please let me know . And if there is anything else I can do before proceeding with the project proposal please let me know , I would be happy to go with that.

Thank you!

---

### 06:53 - @jackeroning

Sure - feel free to ask any questions.

---

### 14:06 - @Alok

Hello <@1059677402315370658> I am bit confused in choosing between GitHub actions or Jenkins , for they both  have their pros and cons.
As of Jenkins it takes less to time  compile the Binaries of OpenRoad but it needs manual effort for the setup like  for OS like mac ,but for GitHub actions it is slow in compiling but no need of manual effort works for almost every OS platform. As you have said the one which offers least friction in releases is best I think GitHub Actions is better option (I might be wrong here).
Sincer eleases don't happen  I think for OpenRoad every day , we can wait for some time. 
But curious  to know about your point.

Thank you.

---

### 14:13 - @jackeroning

<@1418286060625989724> Well for starters - most of the release pipelines are written in Jenkins already. Our internal DevOps team prefer this because of the flexibility of self-hosted runners versus GH Actions

---

### 14:25 - @Hemant Kumar

<@1059677402315370658>  But we can use self-hosted runners in GitHub Actions as well. Should we prioritize Jenkins over GitHub Actions?

---

### 14:26 - @jackeroning

<@1183461078311637004> Yes

---

### 14:27 - @jackeroning

When I said least friction I meant least transitional friction, hope that is clearer

---

### 14:27 - @Hemant Kumar

sure

---

### 14:46 - @Alok

Thanks <@1059677402315370658> for the clarification , I will go with Jenkins

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

