# #gsoc-2026-mcp - 2026-03-20

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-mcp (ID: 1478878819434762454)
> Exported: 2026-03-20T06:20:41.554514Z

---

### 05:04 - @Sahil Jaiswal

The Issues were regarding installing dependencies for mac when I execute `./etc/DependencyInstaller.sh`

Seems like tools/packages which that scripts is trying to install are outdated or changed or not natively available on mac

Some Issues I was able to fix yesterday Night 
- line 19 : `NUM_THREADS=$(nproc)` , `nproc` is not natively available by default
- Script was using Homebrew for installation `lemon-graph` but it is not supported or was outdated, I did modify it to follow a similar method as defined for Linux i.e Clone and build from lemon-graph repo

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:08 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Yes, I did see Docker Image was also available, but I wanted to build completely using that scripts locally on mac

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:09 - @jackeroning

Gotcha - please raise an issue if you have time. Thanks

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 05:18 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Right now I am trying to fix that script to use a shared script which uses shared code from Linux or use Alternative tools/package available for mac

I did fix 2 more issues regarding cmake path for lemon-graph

This morning I was able to successfully execute  `./etc/DependencyInstaller.sh`

Other dependencies required and lemon-graph was successfully Installed

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:20 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Still ` ./etc/Build.sh` was failing 
Will work on it today

---

### 05:20 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Will try to open Its Issue and Some PRs by today evening

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:22 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Am I on the right track ?

---

### 05:24 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Also <@1059677402315370658> can you create an open channel for discussion regarding bugs or issues, all mentors and community members can participate 

I don't want to take over project related channels for issues discussion 😅

---

### 06:43 - @jackeroning

No worries on the spamming. Anyways you are welcome to post in <#1484442171519275058> or create an issue in OpenROAD repo. Thanks again.

---

### 06:55 - @jackeroning

@everyone Hi everyone! Please make sure to read and complete the GSoC 2026 Contributor’s Agreement. Submissions without a completed agreement will not be considered for the program.

Submission Form: https://forms.gle/NKCBgFqHBCfTFXrw9 

Policy: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uifyAB_lFQCFCPYTprDYFkoceQQC2rxrRbZ6Zf3qwl8/edit?usp=sharing

Thanks!

👍 **Reactions:**
- ❤️ (2)
- 👍 (1)

---

### 08:17 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Thanks👍

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 09:08 - @Sahil Jaiswal

<@1059677402315370658> Can I also send you my proposal of Chipathon project, I did send to prof Medhi.
But I want you also give me feedback in whatever aspect to improve my proposal ?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 09:21 - @jackeroning

<@1142767673315426314> I wouldn’t place much weight on my advice for chipathon - after all I am not the one who will judge the proposal. But sure - if you want to.

---

### 09:58 - @Sahil Jaiswal

Thanks 😊... Please check...I sent you via email

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

