# #gsoc-2026-upf - 2026-03-12

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-upf (ID: 1481065600817303625)
> Exported: 2026-03-12T06:20:25.131286Z

---

### 05:35 - @jackeroning


↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:35 - @jackeroning

Hi, no updates on this as well. Prof Mehdi might be busy. You can also reach him via e-mail here - mehdi_saligane@brown.edu

---

### 05:45 - @DivyanshuX9

<@1059677402315370658>  should i raise pr as per my level of understanding of code base?? also issues on upf on github already have been mentioned so I'll gp through with that

---

### 05:49 - @Waleed

hi <@1059677402315370658> can you kindly give us an idea about proposal like is there any restriction on number of pages (i.e., 10 or 15 etc ) or it can be the detailed one ? Also is there any format specified by OpenROAD like these headings are must to be added or these questions are must to be answered in the proposal ? lastly can we review our proposal to our mentor before the application deadline to have an idea , or is it considered to be unethical?

---

### 05:51 - @jackeroning

<@1341831557521866803> Contributions are not a requirement. We are looking for signals of why you would be a good fit for the project - make sure your project proposal explains clearly your plan, as well as your technical competency.

---

### 05:51 - @jackeroning


👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:52 - @jackeroning

<@1417482486354542592> ^

---

### 13:49 - @TANUSH

Hi! <@1059677402315370658> 
I'm interested in the UPF integration project. My agentic verification platform often handles complex power-domain transitions in RISC-V.
I’m interested in whether we can use LLM-assisted parsing to identify inconsistencies between UPF specifications and RTL implementations. Is the current goal primarily focused on parser robustness, or are we looking into automated Power-State Table (PST) validation?

---

### 14:01 - @jackeroning

Hello <@955269587946074113> I am not the mentor for this project, you can direct them to Prof Mehdi <@476871702106603546>

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 18:39 - @DivyanshuX9

<@476871702106603546>  hi,
i have made a draft pull request after adding upf_version command , could you please review it and suggest if any changes needed

---

