# #general - 2026-03-28

> Channel: #general (ID: 1476481707547820135)
> Exported: 2026-03-29T06:27:38.265120Z

---

### 16:11 - @jackeroning

Contributor counts for each project as of 28 March 4pm UTC. Registration closes **March 31 1800 UTC**
Please make sure to submit the contributor form to be eligible: https://forms.gle/h8scpXqgduL5odLd8
- Chipathon: 4
- CUGR: 1
- Kokkos: 2
- OR-MCP: 3
- XLS: 1

---

### 18:07 - @DivyanshuX9

<@1059677402315370658> i have submitted the form as UPF contributor but the above points dont have any UPF contributor count

---

### 18:11 - @jackeroning

<@763656906249207818> I don't see any submissions for UPF.

---

### 18:12 - @jackeroning

Can you please double check that you submitted?

---

### 18:15 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

Hello <@1059677402315370658> is the count indicating how many proposals are being submitted in the portal or the contributor agreement submission 
If it is contributor agreement submission then I have submitted already for the onboarding Simplification project but I don't see the count here

---

### 18:16 - @jackeroning

You need to submit both the proposal and contributor form.

---

### 18:17 - @jackeroning

GSoC recommends you submit in advance - and edit the proposal later to avoid missing the deadline.

---

### 18:18 - @Alok Kumar Dalei

Okay Thanks <@1059677402315370658> for the clarification

---

### 18:20 - @Pavan kumar

<@1059677402315370658> can you please also mention names as by mistake if some contributor is thinking he had attached correct task images in the contributor form.  Just getting sure that they have done everything right and if its something mistake done by contributor he/she can correct them in remaining time.
Just my Pov , i could be wrong but this is my thoughts. 
Thankyou for update .

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 18:24 - @DivyanshuX9

<@1059677402315370658>  i have filled the above form earlier , do i need submit anything else also?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 18:26 - @jackeroning

Ok I think there's some mistake - You are not supposed to submit your proposal via the form. 

For those who submitted the proposal via the form - you need to upload it via the GSoC portal https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/
The ORI contributor agreement form is separate: https://forms.gle/h8scpXqgduL5odLd8

<@562957765312643083> <@763656906249207818> you two still need to submit the initial screening task. You can send it to jluar@precisioninno.com

👍 **Reactions:**
- 🙌 (1)
- ❤️ (1)

---

### 18:28 - @Pavan kumar

Thankyou Mr Jack

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

