# #introductions - 2026-03-20

> Channel: #introductions (ID: 1476484945642913812)
> Exported: 2026-03-20T06:20:40.816810Z

---

### 05:49 - @Disha

Hi Everyone! I'm Disha Agrawal, an AI Methodology intern at Infineon Technologies. I'm applying for GSoC 2026 for the chipathon knowledge Hub + Ask Chipathon RAG chatbot project mentored by Mehdi Saligane. 
My background: Python, Ml/AI, RAG pipelines and embeddings. I work with semiconductor workflows daily at Infineon so I understand firsthand how Scattered EDA docs can be frustruting for newcommers which is exactly what this project solves
I've already forked the ORAssistant repo, read through the codebase and start with the work. Looking forward to contributing and leanring from everyone here!

---

### 06:55 - @jackeroning

@everyone Hi everyone! Please make sure to read and complete the GSoC 2026 Contributor’s Agreement. Submissions without a completed agreement will not be considered for the program.

Submission Form: https://forms.gle/NKCBgFqHBCfTFXrw9 

Policy: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uifyAB_lFQCFCPYTprDYFkoceQQC2rxrRbZ6Zf3qwl8/edit?usp=sharing

Thanks!

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (2)

---

### 07:30 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Soon, submitting the form .Thanks <@1059677402315370658>

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 07:36 - @Disha

Thanks for sharing the form <@1059677402315370658>

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 07:42 - @Dhirender

Thanks <@1059677402315370658> 
I’ll Submit it in the evening

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 11:40 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

Hey <@1059677402315370658> Just submitted the form . Thanks once again .

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:05 - @Pavan kumar

Done Mr <@1059677402315370658> .
Thankyou

---

### 12:10 - @Pavan kumar

<@1059677402315370658> Could You verify that the screenshot that we submitted is good enough. As we were only able to upload one image .
Thankyou.

---

### 12:11 - @Waleed

Hey <@1059677402315370658> can we submit zip file containing multiple screenshot?

---

### 12:12 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

I uploaded a pdf .

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:12 - @Soumyadip (Divinesoumyadip-git)

All 4 ss included.

---

### 12:13 - @Pavan kumar

Ohh that's a good way but i had already submitted 🙂 . Let <@1059677402315370658> reply on this .

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 12:31 - @Pavan kumar

<@1059677402315370658> may i again submit form by another email. I have done the same as <@1246730662665388086> told , made pdf that contains all screenshot. 
Thankyou <@1246730662665388086> for idea.

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 14:02 - @snah

<@1059677402315370658> do the screenshoots need to show results for the whole flow? I have run some designs but only up to GRT

---

### 14:10 - @jackeroning

<@765458399629803591> sure, just make sure the names and handle are the same as your final gsoc app.

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 14:11 - @jackeroning

Just show the directories that we specified. You can run simple designs to show the whole flow

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 14:12 - @snah

okk, thanks

---

