# #gsoc-2026-bazel - 2026-03-12

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-bazel (ID: 1480046375231164477)
> Exported: 2026-03-12T06:20:24.830538Z

---

### 04:39 - @Alok

Hello <@1480799522245447783> and <@1059677402315370658> any updates about mentors ?

---

### 05:30 - @jackeroning

No updates yet

---

### 05:32 - @DivyanshuX9

<@1059677402315370658>  is there any update about <@476871702106603546> , or is there anyone else mentoring for upf project

---

### 05:41 - @Alok

Hello <@1059677402315370658> what should I do now for the time being, I am already contributing in OpenRoad repo and raised 5 PRs and continue to contribute, is there anything I can do till mentors get assigned.

---

### 05:44 - @jackeroning

<@1418286060625989724> I would say to start your proposal writing, and also consider potentially a backup project if this one ends up not having any mentors. Really sorry about that!

---

### 05:46 - @Divyansh

Hi <@1059677402315370658> for all the projects mentioned I see people contributing to the project so is having previous contributions a requirement . I don't have any contributions in openroad but I have experiance in similar stack and since there's not much time left before the application period begins I was planning on focusing on building a detailed proposal plan with the implementation details in it.

---

### 05:46 - @Divyansh

So will the mentors consider previous contributions or will the focus be on the proposal?

---

### 05:48 - @jackeroning

<@763656906249207818> Contributions are **not** a requirement. We are looking for signals of why you would be a good fit for the project - make sure your project proposal explains clearly your plan, as well as your technical competency

---

### 05:49 - @Divyansh

got it . then I'll focus on including all the implementation deetails in the proposal and get it reviewd by you before submission if that's okay.

---

### 05:50 - @jackeroning

<@763656906249207818> We will list the mentor's e-mail addresses in the google docs. Please send them an e-mail directly instead of discord. Thanks!

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 05:51 - @Dhirender

Can we add our personal expirence what problem we faced why we want to work on it ?

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:53 - @jackeroning

<@1383173578899460266> Sure, but do make sure to prioritise project plans.

👍 **Reactions:**
- ❤️ (1)

---

