# #gsoc-2026-xls - 2026-03-31

> Channel: #gsoc-2026-xls (ID: 1483479220624818176)
> Exported: 2026-03-31T06:31:56.973181Z

---

### 01:16 - @jackeroning

<@1417482486354542592> I do not have the email. Probably best to submit the proposal first.

---

### 01:17 - @jackeroning

<@1364595408273150025> you only need two things. Submit the contributor agreement and proposal on GSoC portal. Have you completed both?

---

### 04:20 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

I need to submit it on Gsoc portal

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 05:08 - @jackeroning

Please do so before the deadline.

---

### 09:52 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

Hi <@1059677402315370658>  I submitted the updated PDF with the proposal via Google Forms and signed up as a Contributor on GSOC.
If anything else needs to be done, kindly let me know.

---

### 13:15 - @jackeroning

<@1364595408273150025> Your proposal is not inside the GSoC portal.

---

### 13:16 - @jackeroning

What name did you register under?

---

### 13:18 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 13:19 - @jackeroning

No such name exists. Please double check that you submitted a PDF on https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/

---

### 13:21 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

I submitted the pdf in google docs. Will it directly reflect on https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/ ?

---

### 13:21 - @jackeroning

No.

---

### 13:22 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

Can you tell the steps to upload in https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/?

---

### 13:22 - @jackeroning


↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 13:22 - @jackeroning

Refer to this thread please.

---

### 13:23 - @jackeroning

I think you should be able to find our organisation after you login via Google?

---

### 13:50 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

Done.Once check it

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 14:01 - @jackeroning

I still do not see your proposal.

---

### 14:01 - @jackeroning

Are you sure you applied to the right org?

---

### 14:02 - @jackeroning

The OpenROAD Initiative

---

### 14:02 - @Waleed

<@1059677402315370658> can you please confirm mine in xls ? I have just updated

---

### 14:03 - @jackeroning

Yes yours is in. <@1417482486354542592>

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

### 14:16 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

Now check it and confirm it

↩️ *Reply to a message*

---

### 14:17 - @jackeroning

Does your project start with ‘COPPER’?

---

### 14:19 - @MUDIGONDA V C B ROHITH

Yes

---

### 14:21 - @jackeroning

Okay, received.

👍 **Reactions:**
- 👍 (1)

---

