# #welcome - 2026-03-10

> Channel: #welcome (ID: 1476484104580104264)
> Exported: 2026-03-11T05:02:26.598493Z

---

### 03:55 - @Carl-bot

Welcome to The OpenROAD Initiative!

---

### 08:19 - @Carl-bot

Welcome to The OpenROAD Initiative!

---

### 08:25 - @Carl-bot

Welcome to The OpenROAD Initiative!

---

### 09:51 - @Carl-bot

Welcome to The OpenROAD Initiative!

---

### 11:00 - @Alok

Hello everyone 
My name is Alok Kumar Dalei, and I am pursuing my Bachelor's in Computer Science and Engineering (AI/Ml) . I have some prior experience in contributing in LFX mentorship for 1st term 2026 . The org I am contributing for LFX is Antrea.io. I also completed their task i.e Creating a Poor Man's version of PacketCapture feature. While working on this task I get know so much about how kind clusters work in docker, learnt about Kubernetes and basic linux networking commands like tcpdump.

Recently I was looking at some interesting orgs in Gsoc and then I came across  OpenRoad Initiative . I explored the ideas list and  I am interested in contributing to the Bazel Migration project. 

What I have done till now??
I have successfully setup OpenRoad  repository in my local and have raised some PRs to some of open issues. And asked maintainers to assign me with three  more issues.

Here are some  links to my Open PRs:
1.  https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD/pull/9700

2.
https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD/pull/9684


3.
https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD/pull/9677


4.
https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD/pull/9649

5.
https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD/pull/9640

Next Plan:
1.Continue to contribute in the OpenRoad Initiative .

2. Draft a simple proposal for my project and have discussion for the same with my  mentors/maintainers.

And thank you so much , I am very much excited and curious about learning from the community and to collaborating .

---

### 14:21 - @Carl-bot

Welcome to The OpenROAD Initiative!

---

### 16:17 - @Carl-bot

Welcome to The OpenROAD Initiative!

---

